Greetings, you highly-favoured one.
Jehovah is with you.
But she was deeply disturbed at his words
and tried to understand what kind of greeting this might be.
Do not be afraid, Mary.
For you have found favor with God and look.
You will become pregnant and give birth to a son
and you are to name him.
Jesus, this one will be great
and will be called son of the most high.
And Jehovah God will give him the throne of David his father
and he will rule his king over the house of Jacob forever
and there will be no end to his kingdom.
How is this to be?
Since I am not having sexual relations with a man.
Holy Spirit will come upon you and power of the most high
will overshadow you.
And for that reason,
the one who is born will be called holy.
God's son and look.
Elizabeth, your relative,
has also conceived a son.
In her old age,
and this is the sixth month for her,
the so-called barren woman for no declaration
will be impossible for God.
Look,
Jehovah's slave girl,
it happened to me according to your declaration.
And that, the angel departed from her.